hey clean what was the very first movie
faster pussycat kill oh I'll classic
okay so the first movie we ever did was
faster pussycat kill kill and we started
small I opened and did a number i was so
nervous and we did a tourist itano
look-alike contest atanas the star of
the movie just a total kicker you
right Lexi big boobs total huge tits
like a complete idol of mine and a
friend Puttanesca came and she won the
contest and uh and then years later we
got to invite the actual tura satana
okay I mean did the show and then she
and I went on tour together I mean I was
so surreal someone who loves cult movies
and did this celebration of cult it was
like you were drawing them all to you
because you've got to meet and become
friends with the mall John Waters and
Elvira and all of them weird it's
surreal because i'm still a humongous
fan of theirs you know so that like
after this not to drop names or no no
please do this I'm having dinner with
Elvira oh she won't be Elvira tonight
you know I'm in LA and she's a friend of
mine and still I kinda have to pinch
myself because I grew up a kid watching
her on TV a lot of this has to do with
her yeah you know so it's like to
actually be in a position where we we
get to do events together and be friends
it's very surreal because I don't stop
being a fan right and it looks somewhat
like John Waters you're going to the
movies with John water you're like
eating your popcorn and like sometimes
just staring head behind up we went and
saw my boyfriend and I and John went and
saw the James Brown movie recently
uh-huh what's it called again i forget
it on up that's right get on up and
laying around you hear that get all now
bleh Brad I love it you know I'll all
forgetting it up you know what lady red
I want you to star in your own cult
movie called faster lady red eat eat
hahahaha that's a hit yes I direct
though that's oh my god lady right it's
all happening for you let's do it first
kiss Madison offers you porno and now
peaches christ gives you a cult movie
see is the best luck please stop talking
to me cuz I'm
the letter soon hahahahaha that's our
audience I just want you to know we had
to hold the show two minutes because
lady red said can we heat up this food
while we start aah I love you lady red I
want you to have hot food it smells good
don't try to get anything no that's how
it happens um now you did a midnight
mass TV show I mean this thing has grown
so much did you have to go on shark tank
to pitch it to mark you Mark Cuban
produced it did yeah and how did that
come about you just come to the show
like I'm a billionaire peaches well mark
a Cuban own the theater company where we
were producing this show landmark
theaters and so what happened was mark
was seeing the grosses oh so it's so
shark tank like I'm looking at her
groceries and peaches I think I'm gonna
give you a valuation yeah of your own
show he was looking and he sang like why
is this midnight thing in San Francisco
grossing this much money in someone said
oh that's because you know it's hosted
by the manager of the theater who's this
drag character peaches christ and so
then mark uh investigated and you know I
think I think he saw some video clips
and things and and then basically
offered me a TV show where they came
they followed us around for a whole
summer and videotaped to all of us doing
stuff and it was very strange because if
we would do a show one week and then
that episode would air the next week Wow
very fast that is really yes so
sometimes you know um often yeah I
remember like people would see the TV
show before I would because the it would
air and that's how I and if I weren't if
I wasn't how I mean I hate I didn't see
it like oh wait it was how was it good
exactly i should they leave this in they
do this yeah for more hi Wayne check us
out on the stream TV subscribe to us on
youtube and dailymotion and follow us on
Twitter and Facebook and we'll just have
a gay old time my babies yes honey yes
yes I peg one